Add Generative AI (#2445)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Quantum Computing](https://github.com/desireevl/awesome-quantum-computing#readme) - Computing which utilizes quantum mechanics and qubits on quantum computers.
- [Theoretical Computer Science](https://github.com/mostafatouny/awesome-theoretical-computer-science#readme) - The interplay of computer science and pure mathematics, distinguished by its emphasis on mathematical rigour and technique.
- [Conversational AI](https://github.com/jyguyomarch/awesome-conversational-ai#readme) - Build awesome chatbots and digital assistants.

> - [Generative AI](https://github.com/steven2358/awesome-generative-ai#readme) - Create unique content of any kind, from text to images to audio.

Reviewer: Really great work @steven2358 . Love the recent developments in Generative AI, I've been playing around with ChatGPT all weekend.

I think the descripion could be worded a bit better.

```suggestion
- [Generative AI](https://github.com/steven2358/awesome-generative-ai#readme) - Automatically generate a wide range of unique content in text, image and audio format.
```
